#Student Robotics Kickstart notes

##Topics

###SR2012

Free in the university for last 6 years, move to paid for venue. Paid for
server hosting. Internet went down during the competition: the university
turned off one of the buildings on campus. We're more alert to that happening
now and will try and get estates to ensure we have stable internet and power.

Pits were too small, solved by moving back to the students union (cube) and we
have the entire building. Several floors, much bigger.

Communication during the year: happy that you knew what was going on, at the
right time? Alison loves mentors. Emails quick response, Tech day dates well in
advance.

Last year we should have given more points for putting tokens into a bucket.
If there are multiple strategies they should be balanced. Other teacher
disagrees with previous statement, stating that score system was scalable.
Competition pieces (bucket) weren't well defined until the game. Give a precise
spec for the objects in the arena s.t. prototypes can be constructed.

####Mentoring

Mentors: meet with the teams every so often, engineering/computer science
student. Can't send people from Southampton to Germany on a weekly basis.

Industry mentors meet the team once a week/fortnight/month, people from
industry, find list of companies in school area and spam them. Hills Road
recommend American companies.

Via local STEM ambassadors

Team leader mailing list, useful? team leader section, we'd have a mailing list.
Private mailing list.

####Mock arenas

Mockup of the arena at the tech day. Arena mockup for robot changes at the
arena. Practise arena.


####Accommodation

Indoor Camping, halls brought up. Also local BandBs. All teachers want hall
spaces, presumably because it reduces the amount of pain they have to go
through. Cutoff date. Bowling in the evening. Movies in the evening in here
possibly. Meal potentially?

####Schools keeping their kit

We take back our electronics at the end of the year. Â£32,000 to run the event
and buy the kit that we give out. We got $50,0000, Rob thinks we should have
twice as much kit and let the teams keep it for 2 years.

Raspberry pi came up, processor for 2002, our processor is from 2005 which
means that it is about half as performant as the CPU we use. Rob mentions our
technology roadmap, we're keeping this the same for the current kit iteration.
Replacing the motor controller with a cheaper one. Working to drive the price
down and making it available, off the shelf. We offer teams a budget to buy
things with, including the raspberry pi

We allow teams to keep their kits over the summer if they ask nicely.

####Tech Days

Tech day more geographically central, one in maybe oxford.

Do you need special equipment? Teams get to see each other, teams spend a whole
day working on the robot, which is something they don't get to do in schools.
They get to meet more blueshirts, they get problems solved much more quickly.

####Oversubscribed schools

Too many people interested, 70 students involved in a school :O. A number of
people using 1 kit, building many robots and swapping kits across. We work with
36 slots, we have a few spare kits and if it breaks we can do a quick exchange.
The ratio of these two things is a magical number that rob made up, we may be
able to extend to another kit. This is highly unprecedented.

####Competition mode

we put the robots in competition mode, and robots potentially break. We have
development and competition markers which get ignored in the opposite mode.

More testing is required. We don't believe that it's a problem with our
platform

####Users & media consent

So that we can distribute video and pictures of the competition we need all
people to have given us a media consent form, signed by parents or guardians.

In previous years we had problems with this, and we solved the problem last
year using tickets. You had to use a ticket to get in, you had to have given
us a media consent form. We're going to do that again. Risk assessment forms
that we need to give to the team leaders. We want to give them to teachers
as quickly as possible. Risk assessments for robotics in the school in the
school year.

The IDE/forums to access these things they need a user account. To get a user
account previously you have had to email Jeremy some details. That doesn't
scale so we've got a system where users can have their details changed.


####Regionals

generally nope, but we need more arenas to get more matches per. We can't
petition the government to enact political change.


####Later kick start

is it good, is it bad? Week 6 of the school year, immediately before half term.
Mid october is preferred. Early kickstarts were because people needed to remain
interested. Terms were largely synced. But some schools start in mid september.
Basically mid October is preferred

####Batteries

Rob talked about the batteries and safety

Battery fuses, we attempted to create them. We prepared to fuse the batteries

##General guff

Robot Behaved differently in competition mode to normal mode, needs testing?.

Rob drew the score sigmoid

Bigger venues: NEC. Oxford. UoS sports hall, we haven't had the weight to get
that room. Surrey

